[v6] uploaders docs (#421)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 6.x/crud-uploaders.md

<a name="upload-name-files"></a>
#### Naming uploaded files

Backpack implements a default naming strategy for uploaded files that we have found out to work well in most scenarios. 

For `upload`, `upload_multiple` and `dropzone` fields, the file name will be the original file name slugged and with a random 4 character string appended to it. This is to avoid name collisions. Eg: `my file.pdf` becomes `my-file-aY5x.pdf`.

For `image` it will generate a unique name for the file, and will keep the original extension. Eg: `my file.jpg` becomes `5f4a5b6c7d8e9f0a1b2c3d4e5f6a7b8c.jpg`.

You can customize the naming strategy by creating a class that implements `FileNameGeneratorInterface` and pass it to the upload configuration (the default used by Backpack).

```php
CRUD::field('avatar')->type('upload')->withFiles([
        'fileNamer' => \Backpack\CRUD\app\Library\Uploaders\Support\FileNameGenerator::class,
]);

// alternativelly you can pass a closure:
->withFiles([
    'fileNamer' => function($file, $uploader) { return 'the_file_name.png'; },
])

> ```

Reviewer: Should we add instructions on how to create your own `FileNameGenerator`?

Author: I think that's out of scope. You want to create a file name generator, you check the current file name generator class. That's just how PHP works I guess.

# Uploaders

---

<a name="upload-about"></a>
## About

Uploading and managing files is a common task in Admin Panels. Starting with Backpack v6, you can fully setup your upload fields in your field definition. No more mutators, manual validation of input, or custom code to handle the files.

<a name="upload-how-it-works"></a>
## How it works

> When adding an upload field (`upload`, `upload_multiple`, `image` or `dropzone`) to your operations, you can now tell Backpack that you want it to upload those files to a specific disk, path and customize some aditional things. Get to know `withFiles()`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When adding an upload field (`upload`, `upload_multiple`, `image` or `dropzone`) to your operations, you can now tell Backpack that you want it to upload those files to a specific disk, path and customize some additional things. How? Using `withFiles()`:
```

    
```php

> CRUD::field('avatar')
>     ->type('upload')
>     ->withFiles();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRUD::field('avatar')->type('upload')->withFiles();
```

```

> > **IMPORTANT**: make sure you linked the `storage` folder to your `public` folder. You can do that by running `php artisan storage:link` in your terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **IMPORTANT**: make sure you've linked the `storage` folder to your `public` folder. You can do that by running `php artisan storage:link` in your terminal.
```

That's it. Backpack will now handle the upload, storage and deletion of the files for you. By default it will use `public` disk, and will delete the files when the entry is deleted.

<a name="upload-configuration"></a>
## Configuring the uploads

The `withFiles()` method accepts an array of options that you can use to customize the upload. 

```php
CRUD::field('avatar')
    ->type('upload')
    ->withFiles([
        'disk' => 'public', // the disk where file will be stored
        'path' => 'uploads', // the path inside the disk where file will be stored
        'deleteWhenEntryIsDeleted' => true, // if the files should be deleted when entry is deleted

        // cloud disks like s3 allow the usage of temporary urls
        'temporary' => false, 

>         'expiration' => 1 // the corresponding temporary url expiration time in minutes

Reviewer: Ding ding ding! Isn't this a bit too broad, `expiration`? Doesn't really say what expires. Doesn't really say the unit of measure. So how about:

```suggestion
        'expirationTimeInMinutes' => 1 // the corresponding temporary url expiration time in minutes
```

or 
- `temporaryUrl`
- `temporaryUrlExpirationTime` / `temporaryUrlExpirationTimeInMinutes`

That would make it self-explanatory, right?

]);
```

> **Note**: `disk` and `prefix` (called `path` in withFiles() configuration), when defined in the field as attributes, will take precedence over the definition in `withFiles()` configuration. 
> Make sure you are not defining those attributes in both places.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you've defined `disk` or `prefix` on the field, you no longer need to define `path` within `withFiles()` - it will pick those up. Make sure you are not defining both.
```

<a name="upload-name-files"></a>
#### Naming uploaded files

> Backpack implements a default naming strategy for uploaded files that we have found out to work well in majority of scenarios. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Backpack implements a default naming strategy for uploaded files that we have found out to work well in most scenarios. 
```

For `upload`, `upload_multiple` and `dropzone` fields, the file name will be the original file name slugged and with a random 4 character string appended to it. This is to avoid name collisions. Eg: `my file.pdf` becomes `my-file-aY5x.pdf`.

For `image` it will generate a unique name for the file, and will keep the original extension. Eg: `my file.jpg` becomes `5f4a5b6c7d8e9f0a1b2c3d4e5f6a7b8c.jpg`.

You can customize the naming strategy by creating a class that implements `FileNameGeneratorInterface` and pass it to the upload configuration (the default used by Backpack).

```php

> CRUD::field('avatar')
>     ->type('upload')
>     ->withFiles([
>         'fileNamer' => \Backpack\CRUD\app\Library\Uploaders\Support\FileNameGenerator::class,
> ]);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CRUD::field('avatar')->type('upload')->withFiles([
        'fileNamer' => \Backpack\CRUD\app\Library\Uploaders\Support\FileNameGenerator::class,
]);
```

// alternativelly you can pass a closure:
->withFiles([

>     'fileNamer' => function($file, $uploader) { return 'the_file_name.png'; },

Reviewer: If this accepts both a FileNameGenerator and a closure, wouldn't `fileName` be better than `fileNamer`?

```suggestion
    'fileName' => function($file, $uploader) { return 'the_file_name.png'; },
```

])
```

> <a name="upload-subfields-array"></a>
> #### Subfields and array field definition
> 
> Subfields and array defined fields are also supported. You can use the `withFiles` as an attribute on them too.
> 
> ```php
> $this->crud->addField([
>     'name' => 'attachments',
>     'type' => 'upload_multiple',
>     'withFiles' => true,
> ]);
> 
> // subfields
> 'subfields' => [
>     [
>         'name' => 'avatar',
>         'type' => 'upload', 
>         'withFiles' => true
>     ]
> ]
> 
> // or if you need to configure the upload pass the configuration array:
> $this->crud->addField([
>     'name' => 'profile_picture',
>     'type' => 'image',
>     'withFiles' => [
>         'path' => 'uploads/profile_pictures',
>     ],
> ]);
> ```

Reviewer: I don't think this needs mentioning at all:
- subfields are _expected_ to work, I'm sure;
- array syntax is _expected_ to work too, but in addition to that we are trying to phase it out; we will be changing all docs to fluent syntax in v6, and there will only be one page mentioning the array syntax - a special page for it;

So I propose we remove this section entirely:

```suggestion
```

Author: The thing is that fluent syntax can't be used to define subfields. You always define the subfields as array. (at least at the moment). 

Maybe we remove only the mention about the array field definition and keep this specific to `subfields` ?
